word:int parse result:id
word:esef parse result:id
word:= parse result:assignOp
word:5 parse result:num
word:; parse result:mark
word:float parse result:id
word:Ts parse result:id
word:= parse result:assignOp
word:2 parse result:num
word:; parse result:mark
word:do parse result:id
word:{ parse result:mark
word:Ts parse result:id
word:= parse result:assignOp
word:Ts parse result:id
word:+ parse result:op
word:1 parse result:num
word:* parse result:op
word:4 parse result:num
word:- parse result:op
word:9 parse result:num
word:/ parse result:op
word:3 parse result:num
word:; parse result:mark
word:esef parse result:id
word:= parse result:assignOp
word:esef parse result:id
word:- parse result:op
word:( parse result:mark
word:1 parse result:num
word:+ parse result:op
word:9 parse result:num
word:) parse result:mark
word:% parse result:op
word:4 parse result:num
word:; parse result:mark
word:} parse result:mark
word:while parse result:id
word:( parse result:mark
word:esef parse result:id
word:> parse result:relationOp
word:0 parse result:num
word:) parse result:mark
word:; parse result:mark
word:if parse result:id
word:( parse result:mark
word:Ts parse result:id
word:> parse result:relationOp
word:0 parse result:num
word:) parse result:mark
word:TS parse result:id
word:= parse result:assignOp
word:Ts parse result:id
word:- parse result:op
word:1 parse result:num
word:; parse result:mark
word:else parse result:id
word:Ts parse result:id
word:= parse result:assignOp
word:Ts parse result:id
word:+ parse result:op
word:1 parse result:num
word:; parse result:mark
